Update k8s-egress-access-control-tutorial.mdx (#280)
otterize/docs: docs/features/network-mapping-network-policies/tutorials/k8s-egress-access-control-tutorial.mdx

## Prerequisites
### Install Otterize on your cluster
To deploy Otterize, head over to [Otterize Cloud](https://app.otterize.com/), and to integrate your cluster, navigate to the [Integrations page](https://app.otterize.com/integrations) and follow the instructions.

> Make sure that you set enforcement to `true` and add the flag below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you toggle Enforcement to On when configuring the integration on Otterize Cloud.
```
